What does Hornbæk say about the relationship between self-reported and objectively measured task performance?

The subjective and objective usability data collected can differ from each other. For expample Hornbæk and Law found
out "that the users' perception of outcomes did not correlate with actual measured outcomes"(p.35). It is in the
individual nature of experience, that everybody experiences the given system differently. Experience is subjective
and thus it may differ fundamentally from the objective quality measures. "Given that, it may be
not matter how a product is objectively, its quality must also be experienced to have impact."(p.35f)
Regarding this one can assume, that the different dimensions of an usability experiment are rather 
independent and thus should be collected on all dimensions independently.(p.36)


Describe advantages and limitations of research hypotheses.

There are different opinions on wether research hytothesis benefit or hinder experiments. 
A good hypothesis can be more or less detailed, but should always be based on earlier work,
relevant theories or predictive models. There are two views concerning hypothesis, that can
be labeled as "testing theory" and "hunting phenomena". These two viewpoints discuss the
benefits and drawbacks of using hypothesis in an experiment.(p13)
Hypothesis help gaining clarity about the purpose of the experiment and support focusing
on the actual research question. To provide those benefits a hypothesis has to be testable, concise
and name key constructs.(p.14) Hypothesis are based on the relevant theorie for an experiment. This forces
the researcher to think about the experiment beforehand.(p.15)
Formulating a hypothesis helps to reflect what earlier work has done and thus you can use the findings
of earlier research to motivate and design the experiment.(p.14)
Hypothesis prove quite helpful for reporting an experiment. For a reader the report with a hypothesis
provides structure and makes it conform to the usual way of reporting experiments.(p14f)

On the other hand hypothesis in experiments also have several disadvantages.
From a psychologist's point of view hypothesis are too often formulated only to be disconformed.
The failing reject of the hypothesis should also be a valuable outcome.(p.15)
On top of that hypothesis may blind the researcher to valuable findings. If you depend too heavily on
theorie, you are more likely to reject unmatching evidence, rather than revising theorie. It is possible,
that holding a hypothesis may distract from interesting findings.(p.15f)

Is it acceptable to conduct user studies with media informatics students as participants instead of a broad sample of potential users?



