-What does Hornbæk say about the relationship between self-reported and objectively measured task performance?

The subjective and objective usability data collected can differ from each other. For example, Hornbæk and Law found
out "that the users' perception of outcomes did not correlate with actual measured outcomes"(p.35). It is in the
individual nature of experience, that everybody experiences the given system differently. Experience is subjective
and thus it may differ fundamentally from the objective quality measures. "Given that, it may be
not matter how a product is objectively, its quality must also be experienced to have impact."(p.35f)
Regarding this one can assume, that the different dimensions of an usability experiment are rather 
independent and thus should be collected on all dimensions independently.(p.36)


-Describe advantages and limitations of research hypotheses.

There are different opinions on whether research hypotheses benefit or hinder experiments. 
A good hypothesis can be more or less detailed, but should always be based on earlier work,
relevant theories or predictive models. There are two views concerning hypotheses, that can
be labeled as "testing theory" and "hunting phenomena". These two viewpoints discuss the
benefits and drawbacks of using hypotheses in an experiment.(p13)
Hypotheses help gaining clarity about the purpose of the experiment and support focusing
on the actual research question. To provide those benefits a hypothesis has to be testable, concise
and name key constructs.(p.14) Hypotheses are based on the relevant theorie for an experiment. This forces
the researcher to think about the experiment beforehand.(p.15)
Formulating a hypothesis helps to reflect what earlier work has done and thus you can use the findings
of earlier research to motivate and design the experiment.(p.14)
Hypothesis prove quite helpful for reporting an experiment. For a reader reports with a hypothesis
provides structure and makes it conform to the usual way of reporting experiments.(p14f)

On the other hand, hypotheses in experiments also have several disadvantages.
From a psychologist's point of view hypotheses are too often formulated only to be disconformed.
The failing reject of the hypotheses should also be a valuable outcome.(p.15)
On top of that hypotheses may blind the researcher to valuable findings. If you depend too heavily on
theorie, you are more likely to reject unmatching evidence, rather than revising theorie. It is possible,
that holding a hypothesis may distract from interesting findings.(p.15f)

-Is it acceptable to conduct user studies with media informatics students as participants instead of a broad sample of potential users?

Campbell said, that the experience of the subject of each participant influences the result of the study in a significant way.(p.26)
So it is important to find people with the necessary characteristics to address the research question. Even within the group of media informatics students, 
each person can have very similar characteristics that differ from other potential groups of participants. When selecting participants as a sample for an experiment, it is often wished
to generalize any measured effects to a bigger group of people. Regarding this you may want to have a representative group of people in your experiment.
"The key question is to understand if characteristics of participants may influence the size or direction of effects, when on is considering
broaderor more focused groups of users."(p. 27) It is no secret, that media informatics students offer a lot of computer skills, which
most of the other general participants might not have. But still as Campbell said in the context of organizational psychology: "the data do not support
the belief that lab studies produce different results than filed studies. Perhaps college students really are people." It is very dependent on the experiment itself. 
For instance when you try to measure the usability of a broadly used system like Facebook, then media informatics students are not that different from 
the common volunteer and user of said system. On the other side when you wish to measure effects for a specific ethnic minority, a group of media informatics
students won't let you generalize to a specific group like that. In regards to that it is acceptable to conduct user studies with media informatics students,
but only when its not necessary to measure effects for a specific target group.

-What are advantages and limitations?

A media informatics student is mostly common with usability principles and might be able to identify usability problems that other
participants might not see. Especially when testing computer software the expertise of a media informatics student might prove quite
helpful to identify the needs of the common user.
Of course the most obvious advantage in using media informatics students is the availability of participants for you studies. You don't need
many resources to gather a rather large group of participants for your study.
The use of only media informatic students may bias the outcome of your study. There may be effects that only occur for computer affine people,
that don't occur for the rest of your target group.

-Name one topic for a user study where it would be problematic to have only media informatics students as participants. Name one counter-example

Problematic: A study about an interface for mobile phones. There is a much broader user group to be evaluated than just media informatics students.
For instance a media informatics student is very good in using a smartphone, but an older person might have many problems while dealing with the same tasks.
Not Problematic: For example a user study that evaluates the interface of an IDE for programming. The programming skills of media informatics
students should be just suited for such a study, because there are both programming beginners and experts within the sample.